docs: update documentation and definitions files (#99)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/platform/names/resolveByRecord.md

**Usage**: `client.platform.names.resolve(name.domain)`    

> **Description**: This method will allow you to resolve a DPNS record from its humanized name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: This method will allow you to resolve a DPNS record from its identity ID. 
```
